DATES AND CITIES FOR ‘THE MORTAL INSTRUMENTS: CITY OF BONES’ MALL TOUR ANNOUNCED
July 17, 2013    · by Alyssa     · in Movie News, The Mortal Instruments.    ·
TMI Cut

Shadowhunters! The dates and cities for The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones mall tour have been announced.

Cassandra Clare and cast members Lily Collins (Clary), Jamie Campbell Bower (Jace) and Kevin Zegers (Alec) will travel to # cities across the country to show clips from the film, answer questions and sign autographs for fans.

Check out the dates and cities below: *revised since original posting

Sunday, July 28th from 1pm-3pm – MINNEAPOLIS
Fan event at Mall of America® (Rotunda) 60 E. Broadway, Bloomington

Sponsors: Mall of America, Theaters at Mall of America®, Barnes & Noble & Hot Topic
Talent: Lily Collins, Jamie Campbell Bower, Kevin Zegers, and best-selling author, Cassandra Clare

Q&A will be open to the public. To take part in the exclusive autograph signing with the cast and author, wristbands can be picked up on a first come, first serve basis in the Mall of America Rotunda starting at 11:00am on Sunday, July 28th.

Tuesday July, 30th from 6pm-8pm – CHICAGO
Fan event at the Chicago Ridge Mall (Outside of rue21) 444 Chicago Ridge Mall, Chicago

Sponsor: rue21
Talent: Lily Collins, Jamie Campbell Bower, and Kevin Zegers

Q&A will be open to the public. To take part in the exclusive autograph signing with the cast, stop by the rue21 store inside Chicago Ridge Mall on Tuesday, July 23rd from 2:00pm-6:00pm to get a VIP wristband with the purchase of a Mortal Instruments T-Shirt.

Wednesday, July 31st from 5pm-7pm – MIAMI
Fan event at the Dolphin Mall (Main Courtyard) 11401 NW 12th Street, Miami

Sponsor: Hot Topic
Talent: Lily Collins, Jamie Campbell Bower, and Kevin Zegers

Q&A will be open to the public. To take part in the exclusive autograph signing with the cast, stop by the Hot Topic store inside Dolphin Mall on Friday, July 19th starting at 10:00am, to get a VIP wristband with the purchase of a Mortal Instruments item.

Friday, August 2nd from 4pm-6pm – PHILADELPHIA
Fan event at the Franklin Mills Mall (Food Court) 1455 Franklin Mills Circle, Philadelphia

Sponsor: rue21
Talent: Lily Collins, Jamie Campbell Bower, and best-selling author, Cassandra Clare

Q&A will be open to the public. To take part in the exclusive autograph signing with the cast and author, stop by the rue21 store inside Franklin Mills Mall on Tuesday, July 23rd from 2:00pm – 6:00pm to get a VIP wristband with the purchase of a Mortal Instruments T-Shirt. 

Are you planning on attending The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones mall tour? Let us know which stop you’ll be at! We’d love to see your photos and reports. Email us at mortalinstrumentssource@gmail.com for details.
